## Problem Description ##

You have $n$ integers and you want to pair them into $n/2$ pairs. You first sort the numbers, then pair the largest number with the smallest number, then the second largest number with the second smallest number, and so on. Repeat this process then you will get $n/2$ pairs of numbers, then you compute the sums of every pair. 

* If the flag `INC` is defined then you want to print these sums in increasing order. If two sums are the same then the sum with the **smallest** index in the original input array is printed first. Within a line you should print the **smaller** index first. 
* If the flag `DEC` is defined then you print these sums in decreasing order.  If two sums are the same then the sum with the **largest** index in the original input array is printed first. Within a line you should print the **larger** index first.

```
void pairPrint(int numbers[], int n);
```

For example, if numbers are ${1, 3, 5, 2}$. The output should be as follows if `DEC` is specified. 

```
6 = numbers[2] + numbers[0]
5 = numbers[3] + numbers[1]
```

For example, if numbers are ${1, 3, 4, 2}$. The output should be as follows if `INC` is specified. Note that since both ${1, 4}$  and ${2, 3}$ have sum 5, the pair ${1, 4}$ is printed first because the index of 1 (i.e., 0) is smaller than the index of 3 (i.e., 2).

```
5 = numbers[0] + numbers[2]
5 = numbers[1] + numbers[3]
```

## Subtasks ##

* 10pt. The numbers are 5, 6, 7, and 8, and the flag `INC` is specified.
* 10pt. $n = 4$, and the flag `INC` is specified..
* 15pt. $n = 6$, and the flag `INC` is specified.
* 15pt. $n$ is no more than 30, and the flag `INC` is specified.
* 50pt. $n$ is very large so you must use `qsort`. Either `INC` or `DEC` is specified.

## main.c ##

```
#include "pair.h"
#include <stdio.h>
#include <stdlib.h>

int main() {
	int n;
	while (scanf("%d", &n) == 1) {
		int *A = (int *) malloc(sizeof(int)*n);
		for (int i = 0; i < n; i++)
			scanf("%d", &A[i]);
		pairPrint(A, n);
		free(A);
	}
	return 0;
}
```

## pair.h ##
```
void pairPrint(int numbers[], int n);
```

## pair.c ##
```
#include <stdio.h>

void pairPrint(int numbers[], int n){
	// Fill your code here.
}
```

## Sample Input ##
```
4
1 3 5 2
```

## Sample Output (if a `#define INC` is defined) ##
```
5 = numbers[1] + numbers[3]
6 = numbers[0] + numbers[2]
```

## Sample Output (if a `#define DEC` is defined) ##
```
6 = numbers[2] + numbers[0]
5 = numbers[3] + numbers[1]
```