## Task Description ##

Write two functions to process strings. The first function will keep tracks of string it has seen. The prototype is as follows.

```
int compare_and_add(char *string, char seen[][80], int count[]);
```

Function compare_and_add will compare string with strings stored in seen, and updates count accordingly. seen is an array of strings that we have seen, and the number of times we have seen the i-th string is stored in count. All the strings we have seen will be placed in the beginning of seen. As a result compare_and_add will compare string with all the strings in seen, starting from the beginning. If compare_and_add finds a match, it will add 1 to the corresponding count, and returns 1. ifcompare_and_add cannot find string in seen, it will add string into the first available slot of seen, i.e., the first slot where the corresponding count is 0, set count to 1, and then return 0. By repeatedly calling compare_and_add we will be able to count the number of times each string appears. After we have seen all strings we can print the number of times each string appears in non-decreasing order. We need the following function to do this.

```
void sort_and_print(char seen[][80], int count[]);
```

You function must print the strings according to the number of times that string appears. If there is a tie in the number of times two strings appear, print the smaller string first (according to strcmp). Each line of the output begins with the number of times a string appears, then a space, then the string itself.
Remember to include < stdio.h > and < string.h > header file.
A typical scenario may look like this:

```
int compare_and_add(char *string, char seen[][80], int count[]);
void sort_and_print(char seen[][80], int count[]);
int main(){
 char seen[20][80] = {{0}};
 int count[20] = {0};
 compare_and_add( "This",   seen, count );
 compare_and_add( "is",     seen, count );
 compare_and_add( "an",     seen, count );
 compare_and_add( "apple,", seen, count );
 compare_and_add( "and",    seen, count );
 compare_and_add( "this",   seen, count );
 compare_and_add( "is",     seen, count );
 compare_and_add( "a",      seen, count );
 compare_and_add( "book.",  seen, count );
 sort_and_print( seen, count );
}
/* your uploaded code will be here */
```

And the program should have the following output:

```
1 This
1 a
1 an
1 and
1 apple,
1 book.
1 this
2 is
```