## Task Description ##

Write a program to print a calendar. You will be given a year, a month, and the day of the first of the month. Then you need to print a calendar of that month. Note that when you are given a February, you need to determine if the given year is a leap year.

## Input Format ##

The input has three numbers: year, month, and the day of the first day of that month. For example, if you are given `2007 9 6`, that means you need to print out a calendar of September, 2007, with the additional information that the first day of September is a Saturday. If the day is 0 it means a Sunday. We ensure that the year is between 1000 and 3000 inclusively.

## Output Format ##

The output is a calendar of that month. First line is `Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa\n` to indicate the days. Then every number will be printed as `%3d` -- the 3 indicates the width of the number, and the numbers are enclosed by two `=====================\n`. Note that you cannot put trailing spaces at the end of each line, nor put extra \n at the end of the output. Also note that if the input is not valid, for example, like 2007 13 9, then simply print a `invalid\n`.

## Sample input ##
```
2007 9 6
```

## Sample Output ##
```
 Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa
=====================
                    1
  2  3  4  5  6  7  8
  9 10 11 12 13 14 15
 16 17 18 19 20 21 22
 23 24 25 26 27 28 29
 30
=====================
```

## Sample input ##
```
2007 13 9
```

## Sample Output ##
```
invalid
```

## C-string representation ##
```
" Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa\n"
"=====================\n"
"                    1\n"
"  2  3  4  5  6  7  8\n"
"  9 10 11 12 13 14 15\n"
" 16 17 18 19 20 21 22\n"
" 23 24 25 26 27 28 29\n"
" 30\n"
"=====================\n"
```

## Notes ##

We promise that the hint about the first day of the month is always correct. And it's NO NEED to consider the "date anomalies," for example, the "disappeared September 3-13" in 1752.

Note that you cannot use array or pointer in this homework. Everything needs to be done in simple variables.