## Problem description ##

Write a program to edit a word. First you will be given a word consisting of lower letters. Each line afterward is a command. The commands are as follow.


* `replace x y`  
Both $x$ and $y$ are character. You need to replace all occurrence of $x$ by $y$.
* `remove x`  
Remove all occurrence of $x$.
* `addhead x`  
Add a character $x$ at the beginning of the word.
* `addtail x`  
Add a character $x$ at the end of the word.
* `end`  
Stop the computation. It is guarantee the last command is always an end.

For example, if you are given a word `"pangfeng"`, then after `"replace g d"` you will have `"pandfend"`. Then after `"remove n"` you will have `"padfed"`. After `"addhead a"` you will have `"apadfed"`. After `"addtail s"` you will have `"apadfeds"`.

### Subtask ###

* 10pt. Implement replace and end. The input is always correct.
* 20pt. Implement the replace, remove, and end. The input is always correct.
* 30pt. Implement the replace, remove, addtail, and end. The input is always correct.
* 30pt. Implement all commands. The input is always correct.
* 10pt. Implement all commands. The input command maybe incorrect. If you encounter an invalid command `"xyz"`, output `"invalid command xyz"` and stop the program immediately.

## Input Format ##

It has a testdata set. First line contains a string $S$, then following many commands to edit the word.

* $|S| \le 100000$
* $|\text{#valid command}| \le 100000$
* $|\text{invalid command}| \le 20$


## Sample Input 1 ##
```
pangfeng
replace g d
end
```

## Sample Output 1 ##
```
pandfend
```

## Sample Input 2 ##
```
pangfeng
replace g d
remove n
end
```

## Sample Output 2 ##
```
padfed
```

## Sample Input 3 ##
```
pangfeng
replace g d
remove n
addhead a
addtail s
end
```

## Sample Output 3 ##
```
apadfeds
```

## Sample Input 3 ##
```
pangfeng
replace g d
remove n
addhead a
addtail s
addpangfeng b
addhead a
end
```

## Sample Output 3 ##
```
invalid command addpangfeng
```

## 建議 ##

```
//
scanf("%s", S); 取代 gets() / fgets()
//
scanf("%s %s %s", cmd, sx, sy), cx = sx[0], cy = sy[0]; 取代 scanf("%s %c %c", cmd, &cx, &cy);
// 
int n = strlen(s);
for (int i = 0; i < n; i++) {
}
// TLE，不要用以下這種寫法。
for (int i = 0; i < strlen(s); i++) {
}
```
