## Problem Description ##

Write as program to manage a set of accounts within a binary file. An account has the following information.

### account.h
```c
#ifndef _ACCOUNT_H
#define _ACCOUNT_H

typedef struct account {
    int balance;
    int accountNum;
    int zipcode;
    int age;
} Account;

#endif
```

First you need to read the name of the file from the standard input. After you read the account information from the file, you need to write a summary report. 
* A sorted listing according to increasing `accountNum`. All `accountNum` are different.
* A summary according to the preprocessor flag `SORTBY`
	* If the `SORTBY` flag is `ZIPCODE`, then you need to print the sum of balance of all accounts from the same zipcode, sorted by increasing zip code.
	* If the `SORTBY` flag is `AGE`, then you need to print the sum of balance of all accounts from the same age, sorted by increasing age.

You may assume that the constants AGE and ZIPCODE are 1 and 2 respectively. 

## Subtasks ##

* 5pt. There is only one record in the file, and the `SORTBY` flag is `ZIPCODE`.
* 10pt. There are no more than 3 records in the file, all zip codes are different, and the `SORTBY` flag is `ZIPCODE`.
* 15pt. There are no more than 10 records in the file, some zip codes may be the same, and the `SORTBY` flag is `ZIPCODE`.
* 20pt. There are no more than 1000 records in the file, and the `SORTBY` flag is `AGE`.
* 50pt. There are no more than 100000 records in the file.

## Hints ##

If we sort the array according to a field, it becomes much easier to sum up all balance from that field.

## Sample Input ##
```
p10075-sample.bin
```

[file download](/downloads/p10075-sample.bin)

## Sample Output (if a `#define SORTBY ZIPCODE` is defined) ##
```
account, age, zipcode, balance
0, 24, 100, 6000
2, 24, 101, 6200
3, 25, 100, 6500
5, 24, 100, 6300
7, 26, 101, 6000
zipcode, sum_balance
100, 18800
101, 12200
```

## Sample Output (if a `#define SORTBY AGE` is defined) ##
```
account, age, zipcode, balance
0, 24, 100, 6000
2, 24, 101, 6200
3, 25, 100, 6500
5, 24, 100, 6300
7, 26, 101, 6000
age, sum_balance
24, 18500
25, 6500
26, 6000
```

## Compile ##
```
$ gcc -std=c99 -O2 a.c -DSORTBY=ZIPCODE -DAGE=1 -DZIPCODE=2 -o testzip.out
$ gcc -std=c99 -O2 a.c -DSORTBY=AGE -DAGE=1 -DZIPCODE=2 -o testage.out
```

## part of main.c ##
```
#define AGE 1
#define ZIPCODE 2
```