## Task Description ##

Given four different points on the plane, determine the shape of this polygon. There are several cases.

* If the length of the four sides are the same, and the four angles are right, then it is a square. For example, the polygon by $(-1, 0), (0, 1), (1, 0), (0, -1)$ is a square.
* If the length of the four sides are the same, but the four angles are not right angle, then it is a diamond. For example, polygon by $(-2, 0), (0, 1), (2, 0), (0, -1)$ is a diamond.
* If the length of the four sides are not the same, but the four angles are right angle, then it is a rectangle. For example, polygon by $(0, 0), (0, 1), (2, 1), (2, 0)$ is a rectangle.

## Input ##

The first line has the number of test data $n$. $n$ is at least 1 and at most 10.
Each of he next $n$ line has a test data. Each test data line has 8 integers for the four points.
The first two are the x and y coordinates of the first point, etc.

Since the difference between two x coordinates, or two y coordinates is bounded by 10000, you may assume that the computation can be safely done with int.

It is also guaranteed that there will be no three points in a straight line, and the quadrilateral is convex and unique. The four points may be given in any order.

## Output ##

Output the shape for each input line. You should output `square`, `diamond`, `rectangle` according to the definition above. If the polygon does not fit into any definition, output `other`.

## Sample input ##
```
4
-1 0 0 -1 0 1 1 0
-2 0 2 0 0 -1 0 1
0 1 2 1 0 0 2 0
0 1 0 0 2 1 2 -10
```

## Sample output ##
```
square
diamond
rectangle
other
```

## Hint ##
```
You can easily check whether an angle is a right angle by Pythagorean theorem - a^2 + b^2 = c^2.
```